
  The AGREEMENT (COPYRIGHT) of 'The Third Age'

  This document  describes the legal implications of  writing code for use in
  'The Third Age'  and  rules of conduct  for  handling  code.  This  type of
  document is usually not necessary in leisure programming.

  It also describes the  ethical rules of conduct  for handling the code that
  you as well  as others have produced. These  are very different from  legal
  rules in the   copyright notice. The  legal rules  say that  you can't  sue
  someone just because  your code pops up  somewhere else  in the world.  The
  ethical rules say that  you are a bastard if   you take someone  elses code
  without permission and put it up somewhere else. They also  say that if you
  behave like a bastard you can be thrown off the game.

  The reasons behind formulating things this way are several:

- Copyright  issues  and  legal  matters in this   environment are  extremely
  complicated  and largely unexplored. The fact  that programmers are sitting
  in a number of  different countries, sometimes producing  the code on their
  home  machine and sometimes  inside the game is  one  such complication. 
  Another one  is whether 'The Third Age'  is to  be considered as one single
  large program or if each object is a separate  program. If the first alter-
  native is  the case it means   that there is  a collective  copyright which
  belongs to  all people who  have written any part  of the code we are using
  and if anyone wants to distribute any part of it he needs the consent of ALL
  the others. As the copyright notice is formulated it is always clear who
  holds the rights to a certain piece of code.

- Most of the  code that is  written  for 'The Third   Age' is the  result of
  endeavors from a  lot of people.  To give  the person actually  writing the
  object all the rights would be to deny all the others theirs.

- Mud is a hobby and monetary interests, legal action  and hassles about code
  ownership detract from the enjoyment of the hobby.

- Very drastic changes in the world detract from the players enjoyment of the
  game. The copyright notice allows the admins to keep the code running under
  all circumstances.

- It is  very hard to foresee things  such as net  access and  machine avail-
  ability in the future.  It should be  possible to transfer 'The  Third Age'
  to other competent hands without having to ask each and every wizard in the
  game if it's ok with him/her.

- It could be argued that it is possible to develop code outside the game and
  then move it here. However it  is not in the interest  of anyone except the
  coding person that he/she retains all privileges.

- Please note that the copyright belongs to the producer of the code if he/she
  wishes so. He/she just promises to exercise the right in certain ways.


  COPYRIGHT LICENSE

1. 'The Third Age' is  is the name of  the DGD-Mud world currently running at
   Uni-Oldenburg, Oldenburg, Germany. The code  making up the world is termed
   'The Third Age' and is termed TTA in the following text.

2. All code that  is produced in TTA or  imported to TTA  is subject to  this
   license. If you have code that you for some reason can't  or don't want to
   place under this license, don't import it.

3. All code in TTA may be freely copied and used  by anyone gaining access to
   it as long as it is used for TTA.  No code may for  any reason be used for
   the purpose of making  a monetary profit or  without the permission of the
   producer. That means that while  you are allowed to  run the mud, charging
   money from those who use it to cover the running costs, you may not make a
   profit from it.

4. The copyright to all code that is not accompanied by an explicit copyright
   notice with the word Copyright,  the year of creation and  the name of the
   author is held by TTA.

5. German law applies to this license. Among other things this means that all
   code is protected, even if it doesn't contain a copyright notice.


  ETHICS

  The following paragraphs are recommendations.

1. Send a mail with the information on the change every time you make a major
   change to someones objects.

   These are to be considered  as rules of conduct. Breaking  them in a major
   way may trigger disciplinary actions.

2. Write code that is in accordance with the rules, theme  and balance of the
   game.

3. Don't  copy other persons code without  permission from that  person or an
   admin.

4. Don't export other persons code without  permission from that person or an
   admin.

5. Don't  place objects that differ little  from the original  into the game.
   Every creation should be in some way unique.

6. If you  make code that  is not in  balance with  the game,  is against the
   rules or contains bugs,  a Vala or  a Admin may at any  time change it.
   The same applies to code  that  has to be  changed  due to changes in  the
   surroundings.

7. Code that is left unattended for a long time may be turned over to an other
   coder by an  admin. Unattended  code  in  a domain becomes  common  domain
   property.

8. All code that keeps no vital function in the Game can of course be removed,
   or better: will be removed if the Disk-Space is needed.
   The same may happen if you are demoted for any kind of misbehaviour.

9. For now  Uni-Oldenburg owns the machine that  'The Third Age' runs on. The
   society reserves the  right  to do anything  (that  does  not violate  the
   copyright  notice) it  finds suitable  with any  information stored in the
   computer,  but will under  normal circumstances  refrain from such actions
   without the consent of the authors.

 This COPYRIGHT was taken from Xyllomer and adapted concerning 'The Third Age'.

 Manwe.
