   'The Third Age' (TTA) concept
 ---------------------------

    	A mud can take on many forms. However, common between all muds 
    is the ability for many people to interact within the game at the
    same time. MUD is the acronym for Multi User Dungeon. As the name
    implies, the first muds was set in a fantasy environment. Even though
    many still are, it is far from the only environment possible. What kind
    of world you play in is entirely up to the administrators of the game
    to decide. It can be anything from a science fiction universe in the
    far future to a medieval world with castles and dungeons. This particular
    world, TTA, is set in a medieval fantasy environment (based mostly on
    Tolkiens Middelearth).

    	You can play the role of an adventurer. As you explore the world you
    will meet other adventurers set out to complete quests, engage in combat, 
    or just to meet new people.
    	It is up to you to choose your friends and enemies. As you treat
    others, they are likely to treat you. Some creatures may prove hard 
    to deal with and some might be willing to trade. A few will flee as you
    approach while others will stay and fight. As you gain experience as an
    adventurer you will get better at the skills that you choose to practise.
    Whether to wield powerful magic or lethal weapons, is again your choice.

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

   TTA should be a _roleplay_ environment. To clearify this:
    
    The virtual person you play should interact like a person fitting into a 
    medieval fantasy time. You shouldn't meet somewhere and talk about things
    that would be unknown to your character's mind. There is no place inside
    TTA for discussions about the latest movies or rock concerts.

    If you really need to discuss something 'out-of-character' (OOC) according
    'real-life', you should visit a special area (OOC-area) that exists out-
    side the game's world. So you won't disturb the atmossphere.

    A group of people seriously talking about the plan to fight the huge 
    dragon don't need someone, who always wants to state that the monster is 
    an non-player-character (npc), computer steered living, and so he/she can
    be fooled somehow. This is not in the knowledge of an adventurer.
    
    This is an advice, but strict anti-roleplay won't be tolerated.

  Manwe
